# Two-factor-authentication-using-face-and-speech-recognition-for-Online-Database
The main purpose of this project is to develop an application interface or software application for managing real estate database helpful for real estate agencies and companies. Even though some technology is developed and available, most real estate companies are still using the traditional way to manage and store data like using documents or storing it in either files or excel sheets. Maintaining these documents and accessing it is difficult and most of the time, the documents are lost or damaged. So, it would be better if the humungous data is stored using software rather as it is easy to access and we can also use the data efficiently between clients and agents A database administrator needs to access the management system to keep monitoring it. Usage of passwords is not a totally secure way of keeping the unwanted people out of the system. A lot of people re use the passwords that they have used on other systems or accounts. In such cases even if a password is strong enough it can’t be trusted to keep the system safe from any intruder, potentially compromising the database security due a weak external software and the failure of the administrator to maintain separate passwords for different purposes. In such scenarios biometric authentication systems have been proven to be very useful. With the increase in the average computation power of computers, running a pre trained basic AI program is a very simple and trivial task. With the computation power being available, running an AI program that can act as an authentication program is a very feasible alternative. In our proposed model we are going to use a hybrid model that uses both the speech of a person and face data of a person to identify them and give access to them. Our model will use AI to identify users even in case of minor changes in their face or speech. We can implement this authentication on any database but we are going to implement it on Blood Donation Management System. The principle point of building up this framework is to give blood to the general population who need blood. The quantity of people who need blood are expanding in huge number step by step. Utilizing this framework client can seek blood gather accessible in the city and he can likewise get contact number of the benefactor who has a similar blood assemble he needs. Keeping in mind the end goal to help individuals who need blood, this Online Blood Bank administration framework can be utilized viably to get the points of interest of accessible blood gatherings and client can likewise get contact number of the blood benefactors having a similar blood gathering and inside a similar city. So, if the blood amass isn't accessible in the blood donation center client can ask for the contributor to give the blood to him and spare somebody life. Utilizing this bank administration framework individuals can enrol himself or herself who need to give blood. To enlist in the framework, they need to enter their contact data like location versatile number and so forth.
